CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to the Non-Fungible Token Standard

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to the Flow NFT standard. These are mostly guidelines, not rules. Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

#### Table Of Contents

[How Can I Contribute?](#how-can-i-contribute)

- [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
- [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
- [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)

[Styleguides](#styleguides)

- [Git Commit Messages](#git-commit-messages)

[Additional Notes](#additional-notes)


## How Can I Contribute?

You are free to contribute however you want! You can submit a bug report in an issue, suggest an enhancment, or even just make a PR for us to review. We just ask that you are clear in your communication and documentation of all your work so we can understand how you are trying to help.

### Reporting Bugs

#### Before Submitting A Bug Report

- **Search existing issues** to see if the problem has already been reported. If it has **and the issue is still open**, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.

#### How Do I Submit A (Good) Bug Report?

Explain the problem and include additional details to help maintainers reproduce the problem:

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the problem.
- **Describe the exact steps which reproduce the problem** in as many details as possible. When listing steps, **don't just say what you did, but explain how you did it**.
- **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps**. Include links to files or GitHub projects, or copy/pasteable snippets, which you use in those examples. If you're providing snippets in the issue, use [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
- **Describe the behavior you observed after following the steps** and point out what exactly is the problem with that behavior.
- **Explain which behavior you expected to see instead and why.**
- **Include screenshots and animated GIFs** which show you following the described steps and clearly demonstrate the problem. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux.

Provide more context by answering these questions:

- **Can you reliably reproduce the issue?** If not, provide details about how often the problem happens and under which conditions it normally happens.

Include details about your configuration and environment:

- **What's the name and version of the OS you're using**?
- **What's the name and version of the flow-cli that you are using**?

### Suggesting Enhancements

#### Before Submitting An Enhancement Suggestion

- **Perform a cursory search** to see if the enhancement has already been suggested. If it has, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.

#### How Do I Submit A (Good) Enhancement Suggestion?

Enhancement suggestions are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/). Create an issue and provide the following information:

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.
- **Provide a step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as many details as possible.
- **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps**. Include copy/pasteable snippets which you use in those examples, as [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
- **Describe the current behavior** and **explain which behavior you expected to see instead** and why.
- **Include screenshots and animated GIFs**. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux.
- **Explain why this enhancement would be useful** to be included in the standard.

### Pull Requests

The process described here has several goals:

- Maintain code quality
- Fix problems that are important to users

Please follow the [styleguides](#styleguides) to have your contribution considered by the maintainers.
Reviewer(s) may ask you to complete additional design work, tests, or other changes before your pull request can be ultimately accepted.

## Styleguides

Before contributing, make sure to examine the project to get familiar with the patterns and style already being used.

### Git Commit Messages

- Use the present tense ("Add feature" not "Added feature")
- Use the imperative mood ("Move cursor to..." not "Moves cursor to...")
- Limit the first line to 72 characters or less
- Reference issues and pull requests liberally after the first line


### Additional Notes

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Flow Token Standards!

Commit message:

update CONTRIBUTING to name random-coin-toss repo

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to the random-coin-toss repo

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to this Flow repository. These are mostly guidelines, not rules. Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

#### Table Of Contents

[How Can I Contribute?](#how-can-i-contribute)

- [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
- [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
- [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)

[Styleguides](#styleguides)

- [Git Commit Messages](#git-commit-messages)

[Additional Notes](#additional-notes)


## How Can I Contribute?

You are free to contribute however you want! You can submit a bug report in an issue, suggest an enhancement, or even just make a PR for us to review. We just ask that you are clear in your communication and documentation of all your work so we can understand how you are trying to help.

### Reporting Bugs

#### Before Submitting A Bug Report

- **Search existing issues** to see if the problem has already been reported. If it has **and the issue is still open**, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.

#### How Do I Submit A (Good) Bug Report?

Explain the problem and include additional details to help maintainers reproduce the problem:

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the problem.
- **Describe the exact steps which reproduce the problem** in as many details as possible. When listing steps, **don't just say what you did, but explain how you did it**.
- **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps**. Include links to files or GitHub projects, or copy/pasteable snippets, which you use in those examples. If you're providing snippets in the issue, use [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
- **Describe the behavior you observed after following the steps** and point out what exactly is the problem with that behavior.
- **Explain which behavior you expected to see instead and why.**
- **Include screenshots and animated GIFs** which show you following the described steps and clearly demonstrate the problem. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux.

Provide more context by answering these questions:

- **Can you reliably reproduce the issue?** If not, provide details about how often the problem happens and under which conditions it normally happens.

Include details about your configuration and environment:

- **What's the name and version of the OS you're using**?
- **What's the name and version of the flow-cli that you are using**?

### Suggesting Enhancements

#### Before Submitting An Enhancement Suggestion

- **Perform a cursory search** to see if the enhancement has already been suggested. If it has, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.

#### How Do I Submit A (Good) Enhancement Suggestion?

Enhancement suggestions are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/). Create an issue and provide the following information:

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.
- **Provide a step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as many details as possible.
- **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps**. Include copy/pasteable snippets which you use in those examples, as [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
- **Describe the current behavior** and **explain which behavior you expected to see instead** and why.
- **Include screenshots and animated GIFs**. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux.
- **Explain why this enhancement would be useful** to be included in the standard.

### Pull Requests

The process described here has several goals:

- Maintain code quality
- Fix problems that are important to users

Please follow the [styleguides](#styleguides) to have your contribution considered by the maintainers.
Reviewer(s) may ask you to complete additional design work, tests, or other changes before your pull request can be ultimately accepted.

## Styleguides

Before contributing, make sure to examine the project to get familiar with the patterns and style already being used.

### Git Commit Messages

- Use the present tense ("Add feature" not "Added feature")
- Use the imperative mood ("Move cursor to..." not "Moves cursor to...")
- Limit the first line to 72 characters or less
- Reference issues and pull requests liberally after the first line


### Additional Notes

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Flow Token Standards!
